Andrewbladon/add basemap gallery (#1309)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-qt: ArcGISRuntimeSDKQt_CppSamples/Maps/ChangeBasemap/README.md

## Use case

Basemaps should be selected contextually, for example, in maritime applications, it would be more appropriate to use a basemap of the world's oceans as opposed to a basemap of the world's streets.

## How to use the sample

Press the **Change Basemap** button to display the Basemap Gallery. When the gallery appears, select a basemap to be displayed.

## How it works

1. Create a `Map` object.
2. Set the map to the `MapView` object.
3. Create a `BasemapGallery` using the toolkit.

> 4. Use the `setGeoModelFromGeoView` method to manage changes to the basemap.

Reviewer: I think we should mention the toolkit component somewhere since this is what actually does the logic now

Reviewer: we should probably also mention that you will need the toolkit cloned to run this sample yourself

## How it works

> A basemap can be changed by setting the basemap property of a map object to a new basemap object (e.g. `m_map.basemap = basemap`). However, this sample utilises the `BasemapGallery` toolkit component to manage this process and provide a common user experience. In this sample, the `BasemapGallery` creates a visual display of basemap options and automates the changing of the basemap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basemap can be changed by setting the basemap property of a map object to a new basemap object (e.g. `map->setBasemap(basemap);`). However, this sample utilises the `BasemapGallery` toolkit component to manage this process and provide a common user experience. In this sample, the `BasemapGallery` creates a visual display of basemap options and automates the changing of the basemap.
```

* Map
* MapView

## Additional information

> This sample uses the `BasemapGallery` toolkit component and may require the [toolkit](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-qt) to be cloned and set-up locally. For information about setting up the toolkit, see [here](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-qt/blob/main/uitools/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses the `BasemapGallery` toolkit component and requires the [toolkit](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-qt) to be cloned and set-up locally. For information about setting up the toolkit, see [here](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-qt/blob/main/uitools/README.md).
```
